Fix file oparetion fails on high load (#52)
yiisoft/cache-file: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.2 under development

- Chg #50: Do not throw exception on file delete when file not found (fix for high concurrency load) (@sartor)

> - Chg #52: More highload errors on file delete fixed, separate concurrency test added (@sartor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #52: Do not throw exception on  change mode and modification time of cache file (fix for high
  concurrency load) (@sartor)
```

## 2.0.2 under development

- Chg #50: Do not throw exception on file delete when file not found (fix for high concurrency load) (@sartor)

> - Chg #52: Do not throw exception on  change mode and modification time of cache file (fix for high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #52: Do not throw exception on change mode and modification time of cache file (fix for high
```
